About Mindstix Software Labs 

Mindstix accelerates digital transformation for the world's leading brands. We are a team of passionate innovators specialized in Product Engineering, Cloud Engineering, DevOps, Data Science and Digital Experiences.


Our UX studio and modern-stack engineers deliver world-class products for our global customers, including Fortune 500 enterprises and Silicon Valley startups. Our work impacts a diverse set of industries such as eCommerce, Luxury Retail, SaaS, Consumer Tech, Health Tech, and Hospitality.


A fast-moving open culture powered by curiosity and craftsmanship. A team committed to bold thinking and innovation at the very intersection of business, technology, and design. That’s our DNA.


Mindstix is looking for Salesforce developers. As a member of the Salesforce team, you will have an opportunity to work on leading-edge CRM platforms like Salesforce and Commerce Cloud.


Roles and responsibilities:

Brainstorm product requirements, technical design, and solution architecture. Collaborate with business stakeholders and product managers.
Code in the languages of Salesforce: Apex, LWCs, Aura.
Customize and extend Commerce Cloud features using Salesforce Commerce APIs and SFRA
(Storefront Reference Architecture).
Manage and optimize product catalogs, pricing, promotions, and inventory within Salesforce
Commerce Cloud.
Implement and manage Salesforce Commerce Cloud integrations with payment gateways, ERP systems, and other third-party services.
Utilize Salesforce Commerce Cloud tools and capabilities for performance monitoring, analytics, and reporting.
Stay updated with the latest Salesforce Commerce Cloud releases, features, and best practices
to continuously improve platform capabilities.
Create profiles, permissions, permission sets, objects, triggers, etc. in Salesforce.
Implement Commerce Cloud-specific functionalities such as customizations, configurations, and third-party integrations.
Develop and manage Commerce Cloud Digital storefronts, including creating and customizing
cartridges.
Package management and deployment.
Working knowledge of SFDX and PMD.
Write and optimize SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language) and SOSL (Salesforce Object
Search Language) queries.
Develop automated workflows using Workflow Rules, Process Builder, and Flow to streamline
business processes.
Design and create email templates for automated communication.
Implement batch Apex jobs to process large volumes of data asynchronously.
Schedule Apex code to run at specified intervals using Scheduled Apex for data updates or
integrations.


Qualifications and Skills 

 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or allied streams.
 2+ years of hands-on industry experience in Salesforce.
 Salesforce Developer/Administrator certification is a plus.
 Strong foundations in computer science, data structures, algorithms, and programming logic.
 Experience in the full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and agile methodologies.
 Strong understanding of Salesforce. Knowledge of the Experience Cloud is a plus.
 Strong understanding of object-oriented programming.
 Knowledge of custom and standard objects of Salesforce.
 Strong understanding of Apex Language
 Good understanding of triggers and flows.
 Strong knowledge of Javascript.


Who Fits Best?

You are a passionate programmer with a flair for solving complex engineering problems.
You enjoy working in a fast-paced creative environment.
You thrive in a customer-centric environment - with an ability to actively listen, to empathize, and to collaborate with peers across the globe.
You are a team player who desires to mentor and inspire others to do their best.
You love to express ideas and to articulate well with strong written and verbal English communication skills.
You are detail-oriented with an appreciation for craftsmanship at work.


Benefits

An opportunity to work in a competitive environment with top-tier engineers in your industry. Flexible working environment, competitive compensation and perks, health insurance coverage, rewards and recognition, accelerated career planning. An opportunity to build products and solutions at a truly global scale.


Location

This position is primarily based at our Pune (India) headquarters, requiring all potential hires to work from this location. A modern workplace is deeply collaborative by nature, while also demanding a touch of flexibility. We embrace deep collaboration at our offices with reasonable flexi-timing and hybrid options to our seasoned team members.


Equal Opportunity Employer

Mindstix is committed to an inclusive and diverse work environment. We do not discriminate based on race, colour, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.